README.md, before:

# trackrip
_(tracker-rip)_

Extracts samples from various music tracker module formats.

- Currently supports the following formats:
    - __MOD__
    - __S3M__
    - __IT__

## Usage

`trackrip <module_file>`

## Useful Links
### ProTracker MOD Format
* [Noisetracker/Soundtracker/Protracker Module Format](https://www.aes.id.au/modformat.html) -  4th Revision
* [Protracker Module](https://wiki.multimedia.cx/index.php/Protracker_Module) on MultimediaWiki.
* [MOD Player Tutorial](https://modland.com/pub/documents/format_documentation/FireLight%20MOD%20Player%20Tutorial.txt) by FireLight
### Scream Tracker 3 S3M Format
* [Scream Tracker 3.01 BETA File Formats And Mixing Info](http://www.textfiles.com/programming/FORMATS/s3m-form.txt)
* [S3M Format](http://www.shikadi.net/moddingwiki/S3M_Format) on the DOS Game Modding Wiki.
* [S3M Player Tutorial](https://modland.com/pub/documents/format_documentation/FireLight%20S3M%20Player%20Tutorial.txt) by FireLight
### Impulse Tracker IT Format
* [ITTECH.TXT](https://ia600506.us.archive.org/view_archive.php?archive=/4/items/msdos_it214c_shareware/it214c.zip&file=ITTECH.TXT)
* [IT214 sample compression](https://wiki.multimedia.cx/index.php/Impulse_Tracker#IT214_sample_compression) on MultimediaWiki.

Commit message:

Add installation section to README

README.md, after:

# trackrip
_(tracker-rip)_

Extracts samples from various music tracker module formats.

- Currently supports the following formats:
    - __MOD__
    - __S3M__
    - __IT__

## Installation

`pip3 install trackrip`

Alternatively, you can download the source and run:

`python setup.py install`

## Usage

`trackrip <module_file>`

## Useful Links
### ProTracker MOD Format
* [Noisetracker/Soundtracker/Protracker Module Format](https://www.aes.id.au/modformat.html) -  4th Revision
* [Protracker Module](https://wiki.multimedia.cx/index.php/Protracker_Module) on MultimediaWiki.
* [MOD Player Tutorial](https://modland.com/pub/documents/format_documentation/FireLight%20MOD%20Player%20Tutorial.txt) by FireLight
### Scream Tracker 3 S3M Format
* [Scream Tracker 3.01 BETA File Formats And Mixing Info](http://www.textfiles.com/programming/FORMATS/s3m-form.txt)
* [S3M Format](http://www.shikadi.net/moddingwiki/S3M_Format) on the DOS Game Modding Wiki.
* [S3M Player Tutorial](https://modland.com/pub/documents/format_documentation/FireLight%20S3M%20Player%20Tutorial.txt) by FireLight
### Impulse Tracker IT Format
* [ITTECH.TXT](https://ia600506.us.archive.org/view_archive.php?archive=/4/items/msdos_it214c_shareware/it214c.zip&file=ITTECH.TXT)
* [IT214 sample compression](https://wiki.multimedia.cx/index.php/Impulse_Tracker#IT214_sample_compression) on MultimediaWiki.
